The changes are in three main locations:
1. timestamped migration files
2. local-only table data migrations
3. RPC function version-to-version migration
(The RPC function to retrieve the schema version is also updated)

This will be a kind of copy and expansion of the existing @langquest-dev-docs/data-sync-flow.html documentation - showing how data passing throw the sync circuit has to go through migrations.

The general principle is that we implement a schema change that is backward compatible with the existing version out there. 
When we release a new migration along with an app version, at the moment code is merged into the git main branch, the migration files are applied automatically to the production db branch. 
This is primarily why we need to make things backwards compatible (and can't just force users to upgrade - because the app release and update times are non-deterministic). 
(You may want to use parts of the cicd pipeline documentation diagram to illustrate this process.)

So the database is updated first, and must accommodate older client versions (to a point). 
The get_schema_version rpc (or whatever it's called) get's the current server schema version and the earliest schema version the server schema is compatible with. 
If the database is updated to a version that is no longer compatible with an older version of the app, users with that older app version (with an older schema version) will have a notification forcing them to update the app.

When the user updates their app, offline data which they haven't uploaded yet persists on their device, while a new version of the app is superimposed on that old data. 
So what is a new app supposed to do with old data? 
The old, local-only data is stamped with the schema version in which it was written (in metadata). 
So the new version of the app includes a series of version-to-version migrations (v0_to_v1, v1_to_v2, etc) to insert the old data at the appropriate point and output it to the newest version. 
Through this local migratory process, data is manipulated on the json level to prevent having to create new temporary tables to accommodate intermidiary stages of the migration. 
If we switch to using raw sqlite tables (as powersync allows) we may be able to switch to that potentially cleaner method (since there are cleaner migration approaches for sqlite tables instead of the json data manipulation that the powersync views are currently forcing us to use).

Currently, local only content can only be published when the user is online. 
Therefore, the only content that should be able to get into the ps_crud upload queue is data that's compatible with the the latest schema version. 
To ensure uploaded data matches the latest server schema version, the receiving transactional RPC function (whatever it's called) sends received data through a similar series of version-to-version migrations to what happens with local-only data.

As an aside, both unpublished (local-only) and published data are metadata-stamped with schema_version info, but the unpublished records use a custom field for this, while we use a mechanism provided in powersync for stamping schema version data to a metadata field that can be accessed specifically in the uploadData method (I think it's a crudData data type or something - can't remember, please check, along with the actual mechanism used which is set up during the powersync initialization I believe).

So, when the database schema is updated, all these things (list them out) need to be updated, along with the schema version in the app, drizzleSchema, and of course the logic that handles the relevant parts of the migration.

The website also needs to be updated accordingly.